Add biomass boiler to add_carbon_capture function and update outputs. (#253)
PyPSA/technology-data: docs/release_notes.rst

..   The features listed below are not released yet, but will be part of the next release! 
..   To use the features already you have to use the ``master`` branch.

> * Add `Post-combustion carbon capture retrofit - 500 MW(th) biomass-fired boiler` as `biomass boiler capture` (https://github.com/PyPSA/technology-data/pull/253); also add Variable O&M for all carbon capture retrofits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `Post-combustion carbon capture retrofit - 500 MW(th) biomass-fired boiler` as `biomass boiler capture` (https://github.com/PyPSA/technology-data/pull/253).
* Added Variable O&M for carbon capture retrofits: "biomass CHP capture" and "cement capture" (https://github.com/PyPSA/technology-data/pull/253).
```

Keeping it explicit by mentioning the tech names :)

> * Adding `grey methanol synthesis`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Unclear where this came from, but not part of the PR
